
OVERALL IDEAS: 

I think we should extend each map by adding another grid (section) to each
seperate place, so when the character walks off the screen to one part they
arent immediately in an unknown area, but rather a familiar section. As a
result, there should be a progression for the maps that could be from 
TOWN-->FOREST-->SWAMP-->CAVES-->MOUNTAINS/DESERT-->RUINS-->VOLCANO-->FINAL
BOSS AREA. Maybe increase the difficulty of each puzzle/mob in each new
section to give off a better progression system? FOR SURE have a lot of
backround 

-If a player clicks on something that isnt able to be walked on (1 spot on the
grid) a buzz/wrong noise effect comes up

-Maybe add some layering to the trees to give slightly more expression? Im
assuming ali is giving textures as we speak so Ill stay out of it

-Ability to walk into houses should be activated by clicking on the door, but
only when the player in games walks up to it, so that it doesnt immediately
teleport them out of nowhere

TOWN:

	General: Maybe give off the comforting feeling of a town-y setting? Adding a windmill
	towards the right side of the map could add some more charm. There are a good
	amount of trees, maybe add some diversity with a large oak tree. Added trees
	within the top of the town, best to keep the path at the bottom so players
	wont feel confused when the map changes to another part of the town. Ideas for
	each type of house (8 in total): Inn, Blacksmith, General Store, Merchant,
	Church, Tavern/Bar, Shop, etc.. We may not need to use every house, just a
	general idea of what we could do if we wanted to...

	Inn: Place for the player to sleep in, maybe they could pay a fee to sleep
	there for the night (cutscene or something) and they could be restored to full
	health?

	Shop: Place to buy basic items such as foods or drinks or other materials like
	ropes or things that may help them in the desert or cave area of the map

	Blacksmith: Ideally best place to upgrade things like defense, offense or
	speed by giving players an option of what to upgrade if they have money.

	Tavern/Bar: Overall less important of an area but could still be a good place
	to maybe get quests from strangers with dialogue options or trade materials
	from what a player has an abundance in.

	Merchant: Could be useful to get items from a very rare place, like rare item
	drops from wolves/slimes for a higher cost (but still useful in crafting good
	upgrades). Similarly, also helps with getting money if player gets these rare
	drops they can sell them to the merchant and give them more incentives to
	fight rather than avoid mobs.

	Church: Still a work-in-progress, maybe there is some secret mechanic [faith]
	that increase a luck mechanic, so that critical attacks are more common? Only
	method for it to work if it was subtle enough to give a hint on how it would
	be useful in fights but I do not see the trade off like paying something for
	confessions? IDK

	Player interactions: mayhaps if (the coding isnt too difficult) the NPCs
	around the world will walk randomly within a 5x5 space. Gives a slight amount
	of liveliness to the world if there arent other players in the space

FOREST:
	
	General: I think we should set this area as the first the playes must
	conquer through and have to complete an easy puzzle because of the
	familiarty with an almost town-like setting (so it wont be such a large
	jump from a place of comfort to like a desert or something). As the player
	enters the area of foresty green, they will walk from the left side of the
	path and be seen with three paths to walk towards: up, right, and down.
	There will be two buildings before the player chooses to walk onto the
	paths off screen: a small cottage and (maybe) a treehouse

	Treehouse: just a fun idea, probably wont go through unless theres another
	quest where the player can get a ladder and climb up and be rewarded with
	a trinkent or rare item

	Mobs: I think IF we introduce any mobs into the area, they shouldnt be too
	difficult to deal with, as this will be the players' first encounter with
	a fight and they probably wont know what to do exactly with the class they
	picked or the effects of the ATK, DEF, or SPD. I think we should add some
	small mosquitoes, bugs, or even a wolf for some spice.

	Cottage: Im imagining a cottage with a bunch of bushes around it, with
	roots and vines spurting from the ground to show its connection with the
	forest and disconnect from the town. Inside we can put a hermit or some
	random guy that gives a quest or something, maybe there can be a creepy
	tale where people have gone missing inside the forest and that its cursed
	or something (which can tie in into the puzzle)

	Puzzle Idea #1: Because this is the first challenge, it (ideally) shouldnt
	be too difficult for the players to complete; there will be a way to get
	past into the forest, but the only way is if the player follows a set of
	directions disguised as a riddle. 

	Design: there should be a bunch of trees around the map, perhaps we should
	shut off certain sections of the map through stuff like bushes (aside from
	the treehouse or cottage)

SWAMP:

	General: I think the next logical step in progression should be the swamp
	section since its closer to being a foresty area instead of a desert or
	mountain. The swamp should be a slight upgrade in difficulty in both mobs
	and puzzles with mobs having a higher chance of spawning and a higher
	health+damage total. Puzzle-wise, I think we can play into the idea of a
	fantasy-style RPG with a witch and her hut or a troll under bridge. Either
	the way the main goal should be to outsmart them and, acting as a
	mini-boss, fight them and defeat them. By defeating either or both of
	these enemies should grant the player access to a new part of the map.

	Design: for the swamp, there should be a lot more water tiles on the map,
	but instead of a river or a lake, they should be walkable and kinda
	stimulate a bunch of puddles that are common with a very muddy place. In
	addition, the trees and grass in the marsh area should have a more cyan/grey-blue
	color to them for a grudery feel. Maybe we can add some vines to the
	trees? Or maybe a foggy effect (though we can save that for the cave
	instead).




DESERT: 

	General: 























